[Music]
Yes
very good how are you family welcome
back to the channel well this time
in this deal I'm going to put a clip that
was sent to me by
Diego Arrabal's followers yesterday giving him a
little tug dores a shot been left
well it's not the first time that they gave him
an ear tug on his live show with this
topic and that Diego lowers his head this
lady has done it in a very
dignified manner in a very polite manner in
which she left Diego completely
hesitant no and speechless he
couldn't respond the only thing he said was
nonsense that now I'll be
commenting on you that you know that I haven't done
anything he loves milk but anyway why
Diego chooses a video
when perfect in knowing pantoja for
malaga and sorry
one presented Diego well and your response
was to put something in your head that I
don't even know what it was and put his vehicle
and nothing else let's just say I think that what you
committed you were wrong Diego
and that I make mistakes a billion
times but anyway let's
see I'll tell you that I  I make
mistakes a billion times now having said that I'll
also tell you another thing,
quite some time ago about
two months or so more or less I think
where Salome with making mistakes eat and a
half I already decided that I'm not going to speak
badly or well about any colleague
really if I had to do it I'd do it privately
if for good or bad yes but I wo
n't publicly because I don't think yesterday
not in the subject matter of this channel
I
had saved and I wanted to call
to tell you
7,200 not us and us other six
others and I'm sorry and okay it's not
the subject matter but another lady
called you once and was disrespectful I do
n't think I'm dissing you it's that you
're simply saying that I think
you were wrong forgive me with all due
respect I think you were it was my
job okay I was chasing
Pantoja and the door of the
chalet where I was went with it came out
well this job is for you but he's
a glass questioning things and you your
answers for putting his car with the
license plate nothing more he
says it was like that it's done I
respect you and I have nothing else  what do you think I
appreciate that you let me
speak the world understands that and that you let me
well look I tell you from the heart Diego
Arrabal is a person and a professional
that I would have liked to know
and get along with for a longer
time sincerely when we started the
relationship
on YouTube
interview and we exchanged phone numbers
I was expecting another type of person
and another type of professional it makes me feel very
sorry and the truth is that things have gone
wrong like this and I would not like it to be
forever like a war or like we
were enemies or anything like that you
know that I am quite objective I
do not get carried away by feelings and
in the end I try to comment being as
much as possible they are worth it despite the things that
people do to me and what he
did to me well it was no not only that what he
did was terribly ugly no but
also
in addition to not knowing how to accept criticism
and the way of taking it no he has not been
able well and not only that he has not been
able to apologize yet
after I don't know if it has been three months or
so but he is still doing
mental gyms and  looking for excuses
like when you ask a child with his mouth
full of chocolate and he keeps telling you
that he hasn't eaten chocolate that he doesn't
put it in his brother
the lady literally throws her face at him
what happened was I made a criticism
without disrespect completely
legitimate because road safety
is very important I mean when you're
driving a car you are on the
road you have a machine in your
hands and you have the responsibility of that
machine I understand that your job
consists of chasing celebrities
no matter where it is and recording them on
public roads chasing those who
pass you or overtaking whatever you want
but in a good way man without meaning to
offend your profession and the years
you have in your career with the rocket to a
person who is next to you just as you will
have people for other things
with this one a person who is
driving the car and you with the
little camera and with the mobile or that you have in
you or what you can't do with one
hand by holding the mobile from the
left to the right will do weaves
to record with your head completely
turned it doesn't make sense okay if it was already
part bone already was part of the
road the fact  that he puts his cell phone
under the door of a
private house, a private home is outrageous, it's
literally outrageous, that doesn't
seem nice to me or legitimate from
any point of view, just as I corrected it when
the issue of houses is not people, you
know that they come from many years of
profession, I respect them but they come from a
different time than the one we live in
today, we live in the time in which we are
all very localized,
we are all very
digitally identified, especially
with everything we do on the internet and
before you would start recording
Julio Iglesias' house and you start
recording the house at the door of the house
in the church and nothing happened because
nobody knew where the hell the house was
or was going to look for it, I don't know what was going on that would overlook
the mornings buying
bread wouldn't ring a bell on the street but
today you take anything that I know more but the
city of the area or something like that
if you start recording and also like he
did it showing us the way
anyone can
locate and find that location
okay then it's dangerous because there are
a lot of people who do bad things
have you seen what happened to me, not
with the sub ford of the breast [ __ ] and
then put him in jail I promise you the
other jail and fight to get him put
in jail or something like that not for
the apparent intention
then they are simply things that
times change you have to learn
surely I make a thousand mistakes and I have
made mistakes working in
this YouTube thing and I think that we
can all learn from each other
simply if I am making a
fairly assertive
and fairly criticism we are not only talking about people's lives with the good of people's safety no longer only about privacy really been security with Josh example imagine that something happens hopefully and luckily less so that it doesn't but imagine that in one of
these something happens and a family or
anyone who is on that same highway
that day who is not to blame for you
being president the plant and something happens that
wow then I think it was
a criticism in which nobody can contradict
and I think it was a lack of
respect to his followers and to me that
later  of that I didn't know how to accept
criticism first he started ordering
a gadget from Amazon for his face okay
insult me okay calling me with all that is
more stupid than I don't know who knows and insulting
his own followers with that because
with that he is insulting your own
followers not the people and be you know that
you insult no I have a strong
and clear way and without mincing words to say
things okay and if I give you a bad
answer
surely made the level of the one you
have given me now that insulting what
is an insult is what Diego did with
his followers that day to tell them that he
had the gadget on his head -
us people a gadget on his head
and then when he dismantles that for a
good video on the main channel
instead of asking for forgiveness like
civilized and educated people do
but trying to argue no if he has
any argument here we are to
listen to it in that non-public debate with
all the bad milk in the world and on top of that he
had the nerve not to say the
live when the ladies were not
reproaching that he had not done it for
the  milk
when you publish it on your
social networks and if you're not satisfied with
publishing the twitter stories you also put them on the
instagram story or vice versa
you know very well that the censorship license plates
and you know why
I had to report Diego that
nothing happens but I had to report him
because something always happens on account of
my license plate being canceled there I
have to change the procedure to change
if something happens to me then there is someone
responsible obviously it is not look at
you thanks Steve having started on
good terms collaborating therefore we come
with each other and end with
complaints and give to the complaints and not that
something happens to me or someone in my
family because you do not accept
criticism because you then go around criticizing
and condemning those who censor no and
always advocating for freedom of
expression and now they criticize you and you
throw a tantrum of a small temper and what you
do is this plus this is what I
have then well that as if I
had responded imagine that I
would have accepted it at the same level as him
because it would have been absolutely at the
same level and I would have said well  look
well i'm going to publish a
screenshot with a joke with you in
which your phone number can be seen, i did
n't do it right no because i have
another other class in the world there are people
with class and class of people and nothing
just that really be me for me
officer in a war with the worst man
ask for forgiveness acknowledge your mistake and stop
grabbing the ridiculous argument that
fans of other youtubers use
valencia the followers that we
have but all okay and whoever says they're
not lying the followers that we have
all the channels that we deal with these
issues are followers who want to
feed on controversy okay the salt
got rich and loves it when one is
criticizing the other and one gives to the
other and the other gives him a serve that I do
n't know what I don't know how much the argument
of not criticizing colleagues if we were
talking in a church
that argument is the ridiculous argument
that the tables have invented because it
bothers them and it burns them leave the ass
when they are criticized like that on the youtube
that they have adopted okay to the
adopted grandson do not
put the name of several there because there
are several several
groups  of followers what they
use that argument are not us I would fight
with several youtubers and they always use
absurd and idiotic arguments if you
criticize the old colleagues I
was giving him a wing Carmen Borrego which
is not normal okay he does not run with his
partner Terelu she is his partner
Albert is your partner
many other partners language his
partner and the criticisms to whom of your
partner do I not criticize colleagues to which
partner do not criticize those who can
hit you in the mouth I do not
understand what you criticize I do not talk about
colleagues let's see if you have to
apologize what they provoke in the case that
we accepted octopus as a pet
no the ridiculous argument of I do not
talk about colleagues on this channel does not
know about company in his channel is dedicated
to talking about colleagues it
talks about all kinds of presenters
journalists collaborators
if they are youtube they are youtube
Antonia interviewed them I saw that youtube
talks about Antonio's intimate life to me
that youtube is the clown of the
theme of this channel are not the
colleagues we grab it when we want
and when it interests us but I do this Diego does it a
few do it we have to
give the  face okay you have to show your face and
when you have balls for something you have to
have the balls to show your face too and
debate if they are criticizing you and if you have
done something serious and ugly to me he
asks you for it dude I have always been
a resentful person on the contrary I am going to
appreciate it ask for my forgiveness
and it is not returned crush obviously
if
you are already sorry you cannot be brought back towards a mistake you have gotten heated this you are very brave to criticize and all that but it is difficult for you to accept criticism when it is done to you but apologize oceans in how many chicken videos on my channel in the 7 years that I have been
on youtube I don't even know how many videos
I have apologizing to people when
I have messed up which is not little okay
the cheese also falls within the
values of the human being of people and
of good people apologize when
because in the end none of us are Jesus Christ, I
mean all at some point we have
done some harm to another
the horned ones heat and
restrictively we have acted badly no
excuses [ __ ] apologize I got heated
medically you will understand it is a
headlong flight to not admit my mistake
I was like a headless chicken and the last thing I
did was regrettable skillful and more with
what you have on top of you you have a
stalker threatening your children okay
but anyway I leave you with the clip the truth is
that it has substance it has substance a peso to
the lady okay a kiss to the lady who
is a follower of Diego I recognize it
lady if one day she wants to upload it is
called to my channel
upload it try not to also father if you
want to scold me you will
do it with as much art as I threw them I
say I am delighted with each family until
the next video a huge hug
[Music]